well it's a tough day today for TSM and
na fans s TSM has failed to me about a
groups I'm drying right now by Reginald
Reginald first I'd like to thank you for
doing the interview after a loss I know
that that would be that's pretty tough
and not everyone would do it talk to me
about you know it's it's been so many
years and every year feels like this is
gonna be the year that TSM gets out this
year the roster looked good this year
the group look good and yet it just
feels like the team doesn't play the way
they do in North America what do you
think is causing this to happen I think
that in North America from a PI
perspective a lot of our players are
better enough individually so we get
away with a lot of things that shouldn't
work on an international level and like
from a team player perspective we felt
really short it wasn't I wasn't the case
of like we're almost there we played
really poorly and specifically to the
second week so I mean we we win North
America's we have a lot more better
individual players on international
stage our teamwork and our team play
just wasn't good enough what do you
think it means for North America because
I feel like at this point in time a lot
of fans are probably losing hope of ever
having chance on the world stage do you
think that there's still a chance or do
you think that we're kind of just cursed
to have all these memes about second
week curse and all this big hope and all
that kind of thing I do I do think so
I think that from a strategic standpoint
we definitely need a focus on that a lot
more moving forward I mean every single
year you can point to something right
and so there's like there's really a lot
of things that we need to work on I mean
it isn't necessarily make sense to say
like North America has no chance every
single year because theoretically you
know five players can play really well
that year or the meta can really work
well for them and for the most part
this this year the game was about
pressure and rotations and really less
about killing right it was really about
lane focus and we we weren't really good
at like playing around the map we are
seesaw wasn't wrong we weren't we
weren't good at playing as five so every
single time we made a play someone else
was focused on something else so I mean
sorry I'm going off-topic but what I'm
trying to say is of course right North
America teams will have a chance but we
do need a lot of work from where we're
at or now do you feel like it was the
team situation or the situation with the
team because and it just being like a an
issue where you guys couldn't sort of
play with these opponents because it
does feel like some of the the
decision-making was like less than what
we'd expect from North America like even
doublelift died with Flash consistently
up a lot of people were very very
critical of some of the drafting do you
feel like there's like a pressure
situation that happened here or do you
think that the team is still playing as
good as they are in North America it's
just that when you come to the
international tournament that level of
play is not enough it's really hard to
say right because we're playing against
different opponents I do you think that
there are a few issues with their draft
I think that we should have went down to
a few competitions and focused down on
that more instead of just practicing to
be better overall I think that really
hurt us I know it's early days now but a
lot of people are looking at this roster
and this lineup and feeling like okay we
saw this roster last year at Worlds we
thought that this is what we were
supposed to to win with then this year
it was like you know we heard during
summer split okay yep we've got the same
roster and now we're going to try a
bunch of different strategies and
diversify ourselves so that we can you
know show different options at Worlds it
just didn't seem to come out is there
like how dedicated are you now to this
roster and this lineup or do you should
we expect to see big changes from TSM I
think that from a like apply perspective
we should have narrowed down a lot more
on our our champions
so even though we are playing where are
templates to play like every single meta
I think that it was a case of us being a
jack-of-all-trades more so than more so
than like being really good at a few
styles and I think that kind of hurt us
primarily because when you're at on the
international stage you can't just throw
every single strategy at at emia that
they're your very best strategies
I felt like we weren't just super good
at any specific strategy in terms of
roster and how dedicated you are to this
this team in this lineup and the staff
should we expect to see changes or is it
too early to say for a roster and our
staff it's definitely too early to
basically saying stating changes we
don't even know if we're a part of the
franchise next year yet although I think
that there's a good chance I have no
idea so it's going to be something that
we figure out in the future there you
know do you think that this is worrisome
for the region you know especially as
we've got more investment coming into
the space and more you know like all
this conversation on franchising and
that kind of thing should North America
be worried if we can't perform on the
international stage or do you think that
you know having a solid entertaining
region and you know a good league is
that enough to sort of sustain North
America for League of Legends
that's a really difficult answer I
really can't tell off of the future I do
think it's really important to be
competitive on an international scale
and so I mean we need to just go back
and see what we need to work on and fix
those issues it's it's hard to tell
right now because we just finished a
match like 20 minutes ago and so we have
to spend time to think about that what's
next for you I mean do you spend the
next for you personally do you spend the
next week kind of just like going over
this kind of thing or how do you
decompress and sort of reflect on what
happened I need to spend some time
thinking I have no idea at the moment
probably go back to work there's lots to
do at the moment so maybe spend a day or
two just to think to myself and then
figure out what I need to do yeah I know
you were just in the room talking to the
team how's everyone holding up because
I'm sure there are a lot of fans that
are a little worried about some of team
members and how they're feeling right
now I mean with any loss it feels
incredibly frustrating right so it it's
still hard to tell because that what
haven't really had that much time to
speak with them and so that's something
I'm gonna do like right after this yeah
all right I mean I feel like we've kind
of gone over everything we can at this
point in time it sounds like there's a
lot more to sort of think about and
maybe talk about on the line in terms of
how North America and TSM can create
really compelling lineups for the
international stage I'm sure a lot of
fans are gonna have a lot of questions
and a lot of thoughts about the stuff is
there anything you would like to say to
them now
first off seems repetitive but sorry
again for disappointing you guys I mean
every single year a world we are
expected to do better and we fall really
short of our expectations so I know you
guys are disappointed I'm disappointed
in myself too
and yeah we're sorry
our players worked really hard at the
bootcamp
no excuses these teams definitely played
better than us today they're a better
team and we lost and you know sometimes
when you work really hard at something
it doesn't necessarily mean that the
result would show but you know doing
really well at Worlds and winning it is
still gonna be our goal
yeah thanks so much ready for the
interview for win also you can check out
the rest of our coverage here on my
youtube channel I want to thank you all
so much for the kind words and support
about my videos here in China I've been
trying to put out a ton of great stuff
and you know what it wouldn't be
possible if it wasn't for my sponsor
mobile it except better at League of
Legends by identifying your personal
strengths and weaknesses and you can
actually check them out over at mobile
excit ji / Travis they're also running a
great giveaway that's
in the description of this video so feel
free to check them out